[music]
2 - Speech Begins
Just before lunch one day, a puppet show
was put on at school.
Multiline comment
support testing
It was called "Mister Bungle Goes to Lunch".
It was fun to watch.
NOTE More multiline comment
testing
In the puppet show, Mr. Bungle came to the
boys' room on his way to lunch.
He looked at his hands. His hands were dirty
and his hair was messy.
But Mr. Bungle didn't stop to wash his hands
or comb his hair.
He went right to lunch.
Then, instead of getting into line at the
lunchroom, Mr. Bungle pushed everyone aside
and went right to the front.
Even though this made the children laugh,
no one thought that was a fair thing to do.